Added calling contracts (#1053)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/dapps/sdk/client-library-usage.md

</Tabs>

Once submitted, the above snippet will print the deploy hash in the console.

---

## Calling Contracts

> Smart contracts on the Casper Network are invoked by calling entrypoints. See below how to use Casper's SDKs to interact with these entrypoints and update the global state from a dApp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart contracts on a Casper network are invoked by calling entry points. See below how to use Casper's SDKs to interact with these entry points and update the global state from a dApp:
```
